docs(TEM): add important block on supported auth method main (#1272)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/generate-api-keys-for-api-and-smtp-sending.mdx

2. Authenticate yourself to the server using your Project ID as username.
3. Use your secret key as password and start sending emails.

<Message type="important">

>  - Only the PLAIN authentication method is supported by smtp servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only use the `PLAIN` authentication method to authenticate using the SMTP server for now.
```
